README.md, before:

# SESAME Project

## About
Data on human and non-human systems are typically archived in very different ways, in different places. The SESAME project aims to bring key human-Earth datasets into the same, spatially-gridded format to accelerate discovery and aid modeling efforts.

## Goals
- Bring human and non-human system datasets into a unified spatially-gridded format.
- Accelerate data discovery and facilitate modeling efforts through standardized data structures.
- Foster interdisciplinary collaboration and research by providing accessible and integrated datasets.

## Software Package
SESAME Software package is dependent on multiple python files. Users are requested to download the files from src folder. Software documentation will be available soon.

## Human-Earth Atlas
Datasets can be downloaded in NetCDF format from {link}. Detailed dataset documentation file can be found in [Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17rn570hyfLm0OsSmbTxHcVGPS4Vy27EpWAI02Rqu-WQ/edit?usp=sharing). 

## Contact
For questions or inquiries about the SESAME project, please contact [abdullah-al.faisal@mail.mcgill.ca](mailto:abdullah-al.faisal@mail.mcgill.ca).

Commit message:

refactored src to be packagable by creating sesame subdiretory and using relative imports for submodules. Also added files for packaging to pip

README.md, after:

# SESAME Project

## About
Data on human and non-human systems are typically archived in very different ways, in different places. The SESAME project aims to bring key human-Earth datasets into the same, spatially-gridded format to accelerate discovery and aid modeling efforts.

## Documentation
[Link to readthedocs.io]

## Installation Instructions
# If you want to use conda to manage your  environment
conda create -n sesame_env
conda activate sesame_env
conda install pip
pip install sesame

# Then at the top of your python script,
import sesame as sm


## Goals
- Bring human and non-human system datasets into a unified spatially-gridded format.
- Accelerate data discovery and facilitate modeling efforts through standardized data structures.
- Foster interdisciplinary collaboration and research by providing accessible and integrated datasets.

## Software Package
SESAME Software package is dependent on multiple python files. Users are requested to download the files from src folder. Software documentation will be available soon.

## Human-Earth Atlas
Datasets can be downloaded in NetCDF format from {link}. Detailed dataset documentation file can be found in [Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17rn570hyfLm0OsSmbTxHcVGPS4Vy27EpWAI02Rqu-WQ/edit?usp=sharing). 

## Contact
For questions or inquiries about the SESAME project, please contact [abdullah-al.faisal@mail.mcgill.ca](mailto:abdullah-al.faisal@mail.mcgill.ca).
